  a) What is SQL, and why is it important in relational databases?
  SQL, meaning structured query language, is a language used together with relational databases, to write queries which
  manipulate and retrieve data from the latter, which is why it is important for RDBMS.

  b) Explain the difference between FROM and WHERE clauses.
  The latter of the two is used to filter records based on conditions and logic, while FROM, followed by the table name, simply
  specifies which table to for example retrieve data.

  c) Explain the purpose of the LIMIT or OFFSET clause in a SQL query.
  LIMIT and OFFSET are clauses which reduce the number of rows returned - which can be useful if you only want to get hold of a 
  cross-section of data, rather than all of the rows.

  d) What are the primary functions of the Data Definition Language (DDL) in SQL?
  DDL is a term referring to a group of commands which changes the structures of a database, like tables and schemas. CREATE is
  an example of a command which can be used to create a database or one of its tables for example.

  e) Explain the differences between the Data Manipulation Language (DML) and Data Definition Language (DDL).
  DML refers to several commands, like INSERT for example, which all manipulate existing data inside database tables, while 
  with DDL we refer to the alteration of the structures of the databases and not the actual data contained inside. 

  f) What makes DuckDB unique compared to other databases?
  DuckDB is free to use and 'ligthweight' albeit powerful, making it accessible for most applications. It also offers extra 
  analytical features like aggregations.

  g) Is DuckDB suitable for real-time data processing?
  The answer depends on the scale of the data. In general, for small or medium sized projects, DuckDB might be preferable to use
  because it runs locally without the need to fetch data from external databases.

  h) Difference between read_csv and read_csv_auto
  The main difference between these two have to with type inference. The latter will infer data type when scanning through each
  column. The former will not do this, rather it will read all data as a string.

CRUD = acronym for CREATE, READ, UPDATE and DELETE which are four basic SQL commands	
query = request made by a user against a database to retrieve some kind of information	
statement = in SQL, typically an array of keywords which form an instruction for data manipulation	
DDL	= acronym for Data Definition Language, commands which alter database structures
DML = acronym for Data Manipulation Language, commands which alter data
idempotent = a characteristic of some statements where the result remain the same in spite of frequency of triggers  	
table = a data base structure which consists of rows and columns	
schema = a data base structure referring to a group of tables	
row	= cells running from left to right on a table
record = referring to a row by some, it is a field containing data about some entity
column = vertical entity of a table, used to store data of a single type 
database = an organized collection of data inside a computer, which can be retrieved	
persistance	= a characteristic which refers to the ability of data to remain intact in spite of shut downs et cetera
DQL	= acronym for Data Querying Language, command which fetches data from a database
relational database = data base structure consisting of rows and columns 	
dot commands = 	commands which are not a part of SQL but provide important functionality outside of the queries
CLI = command-line interface, used to interact with software through commands
bash = used to write scripts  and run commands in linux	
type inference = refers to the engines ability to deduce data type automatically	
clause = it is an essential component of an SQL-statement that define results	
aliasing = using the keyword AS, it is a way of giving a column for example, a temporary name	
SQL statement = typically an array of keywords which form an instruction for data manipulation	
persistent database	= refers to the ability of the data base to remain intact in spite of shut downs et cetera
.wal = standing for 'write-ahead logging', a structure which provide some data recovery functionality 	
IDE	= standing for Integrated Development Enviroment, it is a software which facilitates software development, by providing 
debugger et cetera. 
csv = standing for 'comma-separated values', it is a file type which store tabular data
namespace = provides a way for multiple objects to exist in a database without name clashes